When a user downloads their app, they will be prompted to select TWO activation codes.  One to activate the app, the other to turn it off. 
	Perhaps the application will auto-generate sample codes for stupid people. 
During setup, the requirement for letters and numbers will be explained so users create something complicated (yet rememberable) 
	THis is because the device will be reading EVERY text message sent to it.
		Meaning if they make their activation codes "on" and "off" every time a friend includes the words "on" and "off" in a text it would activate the app.
	The nice thing about this is you can lose your device anywhere.  Meaning you would be around different people every time.  
		This allows any friend (or nearby potential new friend) to text your phone and activate the app.
Users can also see an "update" button their pass phrases.  This is because once a passphrase is used, it is no longer secure as somebody elses device had to send it.
If a device is turned off manually, the user will have to enter the de-activation code on the device.  
	This is so that if the device is stolen, said thief cannot simply turn off the application.
	
That is it in terms the default settings. 
Once these passphrase are set, the device reads all incomming SMS text messages, 
	When it reads the activation code it will turn the audio to full blast, and play music until it is found, recieves the de-activation code via another text, is turned off manually, or runs out of batter life.
If the user cannot hear their phone they can text the de-activation code to set the device back to silent and to stop playing music. 

When a user opens up the application there will also be an "advanced" button.  This button will be my personal project to add extra things to the app granted I have time.
Some of the features I would like to add are:
GPS functionality - respond to any texts which contain the activation code with a GPS location. 
Personalized audio recording - allowing users to record their own audible notification for when the phone reads the activation code.
Wifi description - respond to any texts which contain the activation code and respond with what wifi signals it is attached to or nearby
Brick phone - for anybody who has sensitive information on their phone, an extra activation code can be created that will reset the phone to default settings

